EP_27 transcript added, needs further proof-reading (#42)
mgreiler/se-unlocked: Transcripts/EP_27_Emma_Bostian.md

**Michaela:**: [00:42:41]:
Yeah, I totally and wholeheartedly agree. And I also think this is really, really good advice and even a wonderful ending for today's episode. So, Emma, is there something else you want to say to my listeners to wrap up this episode?

**Emma:**: [00:42:56]:
So I kind of just want to say, like, if you're listening and you're struggling, I'm right there with you, we're all struggling in different ways. So we just gotta be there for each other.

**Michaela:**: [00:43:05]:

> Yeah. That's really nice. That's so true. And I will link to all of your core stuff, your Twitter profile, of course, to your book, we talked a little bit about that, right. And so while then I say, thank you, Emma, for, for being on my show. Thank you so much for being here. Yeah. Thank you for having me. Yeah, it was really wonderful. I really enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed another episode of the sup engineering unlocked podcast. Don't forget to subscribe. And I talk to you again in two weeks. Bye.

Reviewer: This part for example was already improved in a previous version. 

```suggestion
Yeah. That's really nice. That's so true. And I will link to all of your cool stuff: your Twitter profile, of course, to your book, we talked a little bit about that, right. And so while then I say, thank you, Emma, for, for being on my show. Thank you so much for being here. 

**Emma**: Yeah. Thank you for having me. 

**Michaela**: Yeah, it was really wonderful. I really enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed another episode of the software engineering unlocked podcast. Don't forget to subscribe, and I talk to you again in two weeks. Bye.
```

Author: Hi @mgreiler, thanks for getting back to me. Yeah, I've been having issues with my account being marked as spam by github scripts, which I'm guessing has hidden all my activity, hence why things have fallen out of sync :( 

I did use VS Code to limit each line to 80 characters, so I dunno why it's not followed my PR... 

I'll be in touch :)

Reviewer: Yeah, I got an email about your activity, but when I wanted to see it (i.e., click the link and engage on Github) I got a 404 and wondered what is going on. 

Falling out of sync can be quite a challenge. I hope you manage to merge your changes with the latest version.
The 80 chars limit can help with it a bit.

Reviewer: BTW, if it's messy to integrate your changes, it might actually be easier to pick another episode. Just a thought... no pressure.

Author: Yeah, I completely agree. I think I like the look of Ep 20 - #32 - could you please assign it to me - I'll put a message there too... Thanks.
